Update overview.md (#1255)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/edge/architecture/overview.md

The TxPool layer represents the transaction pool, and it is closely linked with other modules in the system, as transactions can be added from multiple entry points.

> ## GRPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## gRPC
```

> GRPC or Google Remote Procedure Call is a robust open-source RPC framework used to build scalable and fast APIs.It was initially created by Google. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gRPC, or Google Remote Procedure Call, is a robust open-source RPC framework that Google initially created to build scalable and fast APIs.
```

> The GRPC layer is vital for operator interactions. Through it, node operators can easily interact with the client, providing an enjoyable UX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gRPC layer is vital for operator interactions. Through it, node operators can easily interact with the client, providing an enjoyable UX.
```
